alright guys this is a quick tutorial on
how to install the plains mod there are
three downloads you need to download you
need to download mod loader you need to
download turbo ma model thingy and the
plains mod itself so uh open up
minecraft dot minecraft so what you need
to do for the beginners you need to type
in app data and two percentage signs on
either side of app data and click enter
your opened up with this folder and
click on dot minecraft click on the
folder named bin then right click open
with and use any archiving software I
use WinRAR and what you need to do is
delete the meta in a folder first delete
and click on yes now I like to install a
mod loader first simply because mod
loader is God alright so highlight all
the classes and make sure you drag them
on top of the classes if you drag them
on top of a folder chances might happen
that they will go in that folder now
this is the tricky part where most
people get confused you only you click
on the jar folder and you highlight all
these you do not add every single folder
into that minecraft dot jart dot
minecraft jar you only add the jar
folder you click on it and you just add
the contents in there now you add the
actual plains content actual plains
folder you actually drag you highlight
everything including the item and plains
folder and make sure you place them on
top of the classes so they don't go in
the folders again and you've been
correctly installed the plains mod you
close out of that launch minecraft have
minecraft loaded click on planes and
holy Plains won't crash respawn and I
died oh dear
hmm that's rather disappointing I died
hopefully it's not too dark for you guys
I have no idea where my spawn is but I
will pause this video and find my spawn
alright how foolish of me I would I was
spawned right next to my plane and my
crafting bench but I know where it is
alright so here we got the actual plane
and I do think I will crash because
there is sand right near us but this is
proof that it works
so hopefully the direction of Preston
jump to jump in and start the motor come
on start flying I think we can't fly cuz
there's sand in the way oh dear get out
this wrecks everything this oh no no no
no alright so this is just proof of
concept that the plane works well it
didn't fly but you know what I mean
it works so thanks that's wise you know
for rate comment and subscribe and I'll
like the video if you thought if it
worked like the video if it worked so
thank you guys once again